Frontend
1. Complete analysis page both csv and video
2. Upload doesn't work from mobile
3. Upload doesn't allow user to add tags and notes
4. Edit media (notes and tags)
5. Dashboard page
6. Run RTSP camera
7. No duplicate capture. Either delete existing or submit it
8. Change analysis icon
9. User profile page
10. Remove setting page
11. New logo with the concept of AI
12. New analysis from workflow page.
13. Pagenation for analysis, media and workflows
14. Enable dark mode
15. Remove ID from workflow cards in workflow list page and add other information
16. Can't clear fields in analysis submission
17. Something went wrong after signup
18. First analysis produces infinit error
19. New login from new user doesn't work. It login same user always
20. No analysis found error

21. After analysis is created from workflow, close the workflow
22. Updated view of analysis (refresh every 5 seconds or so)
23. The burger menu icond (looks miss-placed)
24. The mobile view for the workflow is not good. I cannot create new analysis easily. I cannot scroll to the button
25. TIMESTAMP to date (for video it is time since begining, for stream actuall time since the epoch). Can you handle this directly from frontend, or it require adding something to meta.json
26. Remove buttons in video analysis (first,middle,last)
27. Don’t call all videos of video analysis upon launching of the analysis. Instead each would have thumbnail, and an image, and put them in list or grid view not in sequence

28. Description of the fields above the fields not below in the analysis form
29. Changing to analysis after submitting workflow update the analysis list wrongly and doesn't refresh right



Backend
1. Implement pagenation /
2. Implement edit user proefile end-point /
3. Deploy and test newly implemented duplicate capture feature /
4. One capture for all cameras, not each camera /
5. Edit media item /
6. lastPage flag for pagination /
7. remove capture path from analysis reponse /
8. need /count endpoints for the follwoing: sources media workflows analysis jobs /
9. fix token problem /
10. handle workflow error /
11. create thumbnail endpoints for results /
12. change post to put for updating capture status /
13. video not playing in upload


Workflow
1. uint8 images to save size /
2. what if ai svc is running but not Deployment
3. if creating analysis didn't inialize, don't added it to db /
4. Handle all errors /
5. Submit change status /
6. create thumbnail for video results /
7. multiple models not possible /
8. fix the context thing
9. fix when tf model takes long time to load /


Deployment
1. Check cluster option

Training
1. Try faster_rcnn_inception_v2_coco /

Data
1. Submit lots of analysis with longer results /

Models
1. Put all models in a repo and create readme
